# Big Data Processing (Spring 2022) Assignment 1

Submitted By:
> Abhishek Suresh Pachorkar, 18MA20001  
> Mukul Mehta, 18CS10033  
> Nuruddin Jiruwala, 18EE35022  
> Pratyush Jaiswal, 18EE35014  
> Ram Niwas Sharma, 18CS10044  
> Soumick Pyne, 18AE3AI04  
------------

## System Requirements

- Java
- Python Interpreter used: Python 3.10.4
  The code should run in any version of Python >= 3.7
- PySpark 3.2.1

> The dependencies have been frozen inside the requirements.txt file, and if you're working in a python virtual environment, the dependencies can be installed using the command  
"pip install -r requirements.txt".

------------

## Folder structure

```
Assignment1
├── Assignment1_Q1.py
├── Assignment1_Q2.py
├── Q1_non_spam_output.csv
├── Q1_spam_output.csv
├── Q2_output.txt
├── readme.md
├── requirements.txt
├── run_assignment.py
├── spam.csv
└── stopwords.txt
```

- `Assignment1_Q1.py` and `Assignment1_Q2.py` contain the code files for Question 1 and Question 2 respectively.
- `Q1_non_spam_output.csv` and `Q1_spam_output.csv` files are the outputs of Question 1 for Non-Spam and Spam messages in the format of three columns: `Word1`, `Word2` and `Number of SMSs with co-occurences`. These files will be auto generated by the code.
- `Q2_output.txt` file contains the output of Question 2.
  This file will also be autogenerated by the code.
- `README.md` is a readme file containing all the instructions for running the assignment.
- `requirements.txt` contains all the dependencies with correct versions.
- `run_assignment.py` is a python script which will run both the question codes nd generate all the output files.
- `spam.csv` is the dataset containing the SMSs downloaded from Kaggle.
- `stopwords.txt` contains all the stopwords downloaded from the link mentioned in the Assignment.

------------

## Running Instructions

> Use `pip` or `pip3` and `python` or `python3` as per your system configuration for executing the below commands

1. First, change the working directory to this folder

2. It is advised to work inside a virtual environment. Make a virtual environment and activate that.

3. Install all the dependencies
    ```
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

4. Make sure `Java` is installed on the system and is added to the PATH.

5. Run both the questions codes, `run_assignment.py`
    ```
    python run_assignment.py
    ```
    It will generate all the output files of both the questions.
  
If the question codes need to be run individually,

1. Run Question 1 code, `Assignment1_Q1.py`
    ```
    python Assignment1_Q1.py
    ```
    After successful execution of the above commands, two output files will be generated, `Q1_non_spam_output.csv` and `Q1_spam_output.csv`.

2. Run Question 2 code, `Assignment1_Q2.py`
    ```
    python Assignment1_Q2.py
    ```
    After successful execution of the above commands, an output file will be generated, `Q2_output.txt`.

> Sometimes, warnings can be seen in stdout.
